A new case, an unforgettable case
I’m falling for your fatal attraction
You, who keeps setting me on fire
are a question with an unknown source, homework that needs to be done
Can I be your boyfriend?
I’ve never faked my attitude towards you, no cap
It’s full of stuff I want to tell you, my case
There are no words that describe the perfection
You got me losing patience
The uncontrollable emotion
You’re on my mind, I never feel alright
Numerous emotions collide, what’s going on
Rolling in the deep inside my head
You got me bad
Letting my guard down
Swiftly moving towards you, on my way
Why do I keep getting attracted
I’m drawn to you like a magnet
I cannot explain this reaction
The only thing I can say is 143
Why do I keep getting attracted
Only you’re on my mind
I cannot explain this emotion
I LOVE YOU
A B C D E F G I
Wanna send my code to you
8 letters is all it takes
And I’m gonna let you know oh
Stacked high for everyone except you, my barricade (barricade)
You can call me anything, code name (call me baby)
Even if I’m greedy, I want to be your soulmate (whoo)
My feelings are growing, upgrade ’cause
You got me losing patience
The uncontrollable emotion
You’re on my mind, I never feel alright
Numerous emotions collide, what’s going on
Rolling in the deep inside my head
You got me bad
Letting my guard down
Swiftly moving to you, on my way
Why do I keep getting attracted
I’m drawn to you like a magnet
I cannot explain this reaction
The only thing I can say is 143
Why do I keep getting attracted
Only you’re on my mind
I cannot explain this emotion
I LOVE YOU
Heartbeat, all my conditions are in crisis (crisis)
The way you look ain’t no “false”
My inner feelings again repeat (repeat)
Walking next to you but I’m falling
I’m falling deeper I’m drawn to you
You’re pulling me deeper and deeper
I try to get out but I can’t stop
Can I be the one?
Yeah I’ll be the one
I recklessly dare to use cringy expressions
My head is numb, cut away the emotionless thoughts
Moving, I’m on my way
Why do I keep getting attracted
Only you’re on my mind
I cannot explain this emotion
I LOVE YOU
Why do I keep getting attracted
I’m drawn to you like a magnet
I cannot explain this reaction
(The only thing I can say is)
I’m gonna let you know (know)
That I’m just gonna go (go)
And hold you so I’m never letting go
I’m gonna let you know (know)
That I’m just gonna go (just go)
Yeah I’m heading towards you right now, like I’m
Never letting go oh
I cannot explain this emotion
I LOVE YOU